# A-Simple-Decentralized-Peer-to-Peer-File-Sharing-System

In this project, you need to design a simple decentralized P2P system that has two components:
1. Decentralized indexing servers. Indexing servers indexe the contents of the peers that register with they. They also provide search facility to peers. In our simple version, you don't need to implement sophisticated searching algorithms; an exact match will be fine. There are several indexing servers and each indexing server keeps a index table from the peers who registry the files to it. Index tables are distributed to different indexing servers. The structure of the network of indexing servers and the number of indexing servers is static.To keep it simple, your network of indexing servers will be intialized statically using a config file which is read by each peer at startup time, which means each peer can know the address of all indexing servers. You are free to use any format for your config file. The only requirement of this config file is that it provides a list of all indexing servers in the system. An indexing server should provide the following interface to the peer clients:
• registry(peer id, file name, ...) -- invoked by a peer to register all its files with a indexing server randomly selected by this peer. This indexing server then builds the index for the peer. Other sophisticated algorithms such as automatic indexing are not required, but feel free to do whatever is reasonable. You may provide optional information to the server to make it more 'real', such as the clients’ bandwidth, etc.
• search(file name) -- this procedure should search the indexing servers one by one until searching the matched file name in the index table of any indexing server and return the matching peers to the requestor because the peer can know the address information of all indexing servers.
2. A peer. A peer is both a client and a server. As a client, the user specifies a file name with the indexing server using "search". The indexing server returns a list of all other peers that hold the file. The user can pick one such peer and the client then connects to this peer and downloads the file. As a server, the peer waits for requests from other peers and sends the requested file when receiving a request. A peer server should provide the following interface to the peer client:
• obtain(file name) -- invoked by a peer to download a file from another peer. Other requirements:
• Both the indexing server and a peer server should be able to accept multiple client requests at the same time. This could be easily done using threads. Be aware of the thread synchronizing issues to avoid inconsistency or deadlock in your system.
